Docs on alerts, dashboards and runbooks for Promscale (#1082)
timescale/docs: promscale/monitoring-promscale.md

# Monitoring Promscale
Promscale includes a set of out-of-the-box alerts, runbooks and a Grafana dashboard that you can use to monitor it.

<highlight type="note">

> To monitor Promscale make sure that Prometheus instance is scraping Promscale

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To monitor Promscale make sure that a Prometheus instance is scraping Promscale
```

# Monitoring Promscale

> Promscale includes a set of out-of-the-box alerts, runbooks and a Grafana dashboard that you can use to monitor it.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Promscale includes a set of out-of-the-box alerts, runbooks, and a Grafana dashboard that you can use to monitor it.
```

<highlight type="note">

> To monitor Promscale make sure that a Prometheus instance is scraping Promscale
> http endpoint i.e. default to `9201` port, `/metrics` API. Use Prometheus to 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To monitor Promscale, make sure that a Prometheus instance is scraping the Promscale
HTTP endpoint, which defaults to port `9201` port in the `/metrics` API. Use Prometheus to 
```

Not sure if this is correct. Either way, don't use "ie".

> evaluate the Promscale alerting rules and also configure Prometheus as data source

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
to evaluate the Promscale alerting rules, and configure Prometheus as a data source
```

> in Grafana to visulaize the Promscale dashboard. This helps to troubleshhot the

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
in Grafana to visualize the Promscale dashboard. This helps to troubleshoot the
```

> issues when Promscale isn't working as expected, again you don't want your monitoring

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
issues when Promscale isn't working as expected. You don't want your monitoring
```

1.  On importing the dashboard select the `folder` to which you want to add the imported
    dashboard.
1.  Select the data source from which you want the dashboard to query the data.

>     * To visualize Promscale metrics select the `Prometheus` data source as `Prometheus` query endpoint

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    * To visualize Promscale metrics, select the `Prometheus` data source and `Prometheus` query endpoint.
```

>       we do not want to query Promsale own dashboard using Promscale query endpoint. With this practice

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
      You do not want to query Promsale's own dashboard using the Promscale query endpoint.
```

>       we can avoid the single point of failure when Promscale isn't working as expected.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
      This avoids a single point of failure if Promscale isn't working as expected.
```

when something doesn't work as expected in Promscale.

[Here](promscale-alerting-rules) are the alerting rules for Promscale. These 

> alerting rules should be configured on Prometheus end to evaluate the alerting rules.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
alerting rules should be configured on the Prometheus end to evaluate the alerting rules.
```

## Runbooks

When an alert is fired, the alert message references the relevant runbook

> to troubleshoot and mitigate the issue noticed while running 
> Promscale. These runbooks are published and

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
to troubleshoot and mitigate the issue.
These runbooks are published and
```

> maintained in [Promscale Github repository](promscale-runbooks).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
maintained in the [Promscale Github repository](promscale-runbooks).
```
